Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I’m going to recap a 2016 Korean
Thriller movie called The Handmaiden.
In Japanese-occupied Korea, a con man
plans to seduce a Japanese heiress,
marry her, then commit her to an asylum
in order to steal her inheritance.
He plans an elaborate scheme to fulfill his
goal. Will she fall to his cunning plan?
The story starts with a common poor Korean girl,
saying goodbye to what appears to be her family,
before she sets off to a giant mansion to
become the handmaiden of a Japanese heiress,
Lady Hideko. Once she arrives, she introduces
herself as Okju to the head maid, Sasaki. She
shows her around the Western-Japanese-styled
mansion and explains the rules. Okju’s main job
is to help Lady Hideko in her daily life as her
personal Handmaiden. On her first night there,
she wakes up to Lady Hideko screaming because of a
nightmare. She goes to her room and meets her for
the first time. Lady Hideko tells her the story
when her aunt went mad and hung herself at the
big cherry tree outside the mansion. Sokju then
sleeps together with Lady Hideko to soothe her.
On the next day, the other maid pranks her by
hiding one of her shoes, making her meet Lady
Hideko while wearing only her left shoe. She
reintroduces herself to Lady Hideko and gives
her a reference letter from her last mistress.
Lady Hideko asks her to read the letter for her,
but despite being able to speak in both Korean
and Japanese, Okju is illiterate. Lady Hideko
doesn’t mind about it and tells Okju to always
be truthful to her. She also notices that Okju
lost one of her shoes and gives her a new pair
of shoes. After that, Lady Hideko goes to her
reading practice session and tells her to come to
her at noon. While alone, she becomes curious and
explores Lady Hideko’s room. She tries on various
clothes and plays with various accessories.
At noon, Okju goes to the exquisite reading
room as requested by Lady Hideko. There,
she meets the eccentric Uncle Kouzuki. His tongue
is black due to his habit of licking ink while
reading. Lady Hideko lives with him, a Korean man
who helped the Japanese take over Korea. For it,
the Japanese gave him a gold mine. He then uses
this wealth to feed his obsession with rare books.
Lady Hideko is expecting a guest, so
she takes a bath to prepare herself.
While helping her take a bath, Okju admires Lady
Hideko’s beauty and becomes enchanted by it. The
guest is Count Fujiwara, a Japanese Nobleman who
is Lady Hideko’s painting teacher and also the one
who referred Okju to work there. He goes inside
his room after greeting Lady Hideko. Not long
after that, he summons Okju to come to his room.
Strangely, they seem to know each other very well.
It is quickly revealed that things are not as they
appear. Okju's real name is actually Sook-hee,
an orphan raised by Miss Boksun, a top purveyor
of stolen goods. Her mother was a legendary thief.
She grows up learning to pickpocket and forge
stamps. There are other such orphan girls who
have been raised by Miss Boksun. This group
of con artists get abandoned babies, feed them
and sell them to Japan. Count Fujiwara is also a
con man who is actually not even a Japanese man,
he is a common Korean man. He approached this
group and invited them to join his scheme.
He has identified a certain single
Japanese heiress, Lady Hideko,
who he wants to marry to inherit her fortune.
He hires Sook-hee to play as a handmaiden,
becomes his ears, and gently persuades Lady
Hideko to fall in love with Count Fujiwara.
Sook-hee agrees to join his plan for a sum of
money from the inheritance. After Fujiwara gets
the inheritance, he plans on declaring Lady Hideko
insane and sending her off to a mental asylum.
Count Fujiwara gives Sok-hee a box and
tells her to give it to Lady Hideko.
Inside the box are beautiful blue spinel earrings
and a letter, a personal gift from Count Fujiwara
to take Lady Hideko’s heart. She wears it for
tonight's dinner in an elegant white dress. Even
Sok-hee can’t help but admire her beauty. Lady
Hideko becomes a little bit drunk after dinner.
She plays as a maid and dresses Sok-hee up in
an elegant black dress and blue spinel earrings,
making Sok-hee as beautiful as
her. They both enjoy the time.
Sok-hee bonds too far with Lady Hideko, making
her have second thoughts about the plan.
But despite that feeling, she
still tries to stick to the plan.
Until one day, she caught Lady Hideko and count
Fujiwara kissing passionately in the woods.
For some reason, it hurts her
feelings so she runs back to her room.
On the night, Lady Hideko asks Sok-hee to sleep
with her. She tells Sok-hee that she feels nervous
because Count Fujiwara proposed to her earlier.
She’s not sure whether to accept it or not. She
asks Sok-hee to teach her about the things that
men want. In order to teach her about the world of
adults, Sok-hee kisses her on the lips, embraces
her, and touches her. One thing leads to another,
they lose control and end up
pleasuring each other on the bed.
On the next day, when Count Fujiwara is about
to “devour” Lady Hideko, Sok-hee prevents it.
This makes him mad at her. He reminds her about
the plan and the consequences if she abandons it.
Sok-hee agrees to continue the plan as long as
count Fujiwara doesn’t push Lady Hideko too far.
Before bed, she tries again to persuade Lady
Hideko to accept Count Fujiwara's proposal.
But Lady Hideko tells her that she is already
happy as long as she is with her at the mansion.
She asks Sok-hee whether she should accept the
proposal if she is in love with another person
now. This makes Sok-hee confused, whether to
continue the plan or follow her true feelings.
But she decides to stick to the plan and persuades
Lady Hideko further to accept the proposal.
Her answer makes Lady Hideko disappointed
and slaps her. She casts her out of her room.
Lady Hideko decides to accept Count Fujiwara’s
proposal. On the day when Uncle Kouzuki leaves
the mansion for business, Lady Hideko and Sok-hee
run away from the mansion and head to Japan with
Count Fujiwara. During the trip, Lady Hideko
keeps gazing at Sok-hee. She notices but can’t
do anything about it. Lady Hideko and Count
Fujiwara are finally married at a small shrine.
On the night, Lady Hideko tries to kiss her again,
but Sok-hee refuses it. Sok-hee endures her bitter
feeling as she sleeps beside the room where
Lady Hideko is having the first night with Count
Fujiwara. In the morning, she comes to the room
to see Lady Hideko. She hates what she sees but
it’s no use crying over spilled milk. She waits
for Count Fujiwara to certify the marriage and
convert the inheritance to cash. As she waits,
she fears that Lady Hideko might truly go mad.
She wants to run away with her but Count Fujiwara
pays the innkeeper to spy on them. Finally,
Count Fujiwara comes with a bag full of cash and
jewelry. Sok-hee accepts it with a mixed feeling.
Not long after that, the people from the
mental asylum come to interview Sok-hee.
They ask various questions about Lady Hideko
before they throw her into the mental asylum.
Outside the mental asylum, she hugs Lady Hideko
for the last time. Lady Hideko hears the scream
of the people inside the mental asylum and
becomes startled. She walks a few steps back.
But unexpectedly, instead of grabbing Lady Hideko,
they try to apprehend Sok-hee. They think that
she is Lady Hideko. She tries to explain to
them that she is not her, but Count Fujiwara
and Lady Hideko just stand there and make them
detain Sok-hee under the name of Lady Hideko.
She immediately realized that she had been
betrayed by Count Fujiwara and possibly by
Lady Hideko too. But is it true? To uncover
the truth, let's take a few steps back.
Lady Hideko’s mother passed
away while giving birth to her,
so she was raised strictly and harshly by
her uncle. Uncle Kouzuki is obsessed with
rare books. But not just any rare books, he
specially dealt in rare erotic art and text.
The usual reading practice session Lady Hideko
does with her uncle is in fact him teaching
her to erotically read sadistic pornography
since she was five years old. To secure funds,
he held auctions for the books and arts where
her aunt read the erotic books to collectors.
He also sold forgeries to further accumulate money
and books. One day, Uncle Kouzuki caught her aunt
trying to run away, so he torture her in a secret
torture room in the basement. The psychological
and physical abuse gradually degrades the sanity
of Hideko's aunt, who is eventually found hanging
from a tree in the yard, and so Lady Hideko
takes over as the reader for the auctions.
He also plans to marry Lady Hideko when the
time has come to secure the inheritance money.
Count Fujiwara initially planned to execute
the scheme alone. He comes over to one of the
auctions and claims to be a Japanese nobleman
with a skill of art forgery, so Uncle Kouzuki
hires him to forge art for him. He also manages to
persuade Uncle Kouzuki to let him be the painting
teacher for Lady Hideko. But after interacting
with Lady Hideko, he realizes that she is not
naive and is stone-hearted. There would be
no way to get her to fall in love with him.
Instead of giving up, he reaches out
to Lady Hideko and tells her the truth,
that he is not a Japanese nobleman and is trying
to seduce her for the inheritance. He proposes a
plan to get her away from this abusive life of
hers. He will bring a naive girl who will come
in as a handmaiden and trick her into thinking
that she is the one who is doing the scam.
Once they get married, Lady Hideko will switch
identities with the handmaiden and they will
send the handmaiden to a mental asylum. This would
grant Lady Hideko her freedom at the cost of the
handmaiden’s life, then split the inheritance
money with Count Fujiwara. Lady Hideko agrees.
Since the arrival of Sok-hee at the mansion, Lady
Hideko is already acting to condition her state of
mind into believing the bogus plan. She shows all
her clothes and jewelry to Sook-hee to make her
more gullible. Fujiwara instructs Lady Hideko to
act naive but hesitates to fall in love with him.
This would ensure that Sook-hee is kept
busy with her task of playing cupid.
Unfortunately for Count Fujiwara, Lady Hideko and
Sook-hee get too close. They get attracted to each
other and end up making passionate love one night.
On the night when Lady Hideko is mad at Sok-hee,
she tries to hang herself from the tree where
her aunt died because she is disappointed by
Sok-hee’s response earlier. Sook-hee stops
her and confesses to her about the scheme
she does with Count Fujiwara. She also admits
to having fallen in love with her. Lady Hideko
then also admits to Sook-hee about being part of
a plan that involved sending Sook-hee to asylum.
They decide to take down Count Fujiwara and Uncle
Kouzuki. They start by destroying all of the
erotic art collection and play along with Count
Fujiwara’s plan. They act lovey-dovey secretly
behind Count Fujiwara. And not to worry, Lady
Hideko doesn’t have sex with Count Fujiwara on
their first night. It’s just fake blood to make
him believe that they are still trying to fool
Sok-hee. Sook-hee only acts surprised and creates
a scene at the asylum to make it more believable.
Later, she stages a fire at the asylum
and escapes in the heat of confusion.
Lady Hideko and Count Fujiwara head out for dinner
to celebrate. He proposes to her to marry him for
real. But she plays hard to get and refuses.
At the hotel, she seduces him then drugs his
wine with opium. When he’s knocked out, she
takes all the money and meets with Sok-hee.
In the end, Lady Hideko and Sok-hee fake their
identity and head out to Shanghai on a ship.
On the ship, they are finally
able to express their love to
each other freely in their newfound freedom.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.